# To APPly, Contact info@datatang.ai

1. 20 Hours - Italian Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 700 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
Full Dataset: https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1178

2. 20 Hours - Japanese Conversation Speech by Mobile Phone
 
About 1000 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
Full Dataset: https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1166

3. 20 Hours - Hindi Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 1,000 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
Full Dataset: https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1156

4. 20 Hours - Spanish Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 700 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1147

5. 20 Hours - French Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 700 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1146

6. 20 Hours – Vietnamese Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 750 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1122

7. 20 Hours – German Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 750 speakers participated in the recording, and conducted communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1121


8. 20 Hours - Korean Conversational Speech Data by Mobile Phone
 
About 700 Korean speakers participated in the recording, and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1103


9. 20 Hours – American English Natural Dialogue Speech Data
 
2000 speakers participated in the recording and conducted face-to-face communication in a natural way. They had free discussion on a number of given topics, with a wide range of fields; the voice was natural and fluent, in line with the actual dialogue scene. Text is transferred manually, with high accuracy.
https://www.datatang.ai/datasets/1004

